adding missing changeset file for ISession.messageBrokerId (#17866)
microsoft/FluidFramework: server/routerlicious/.changeset/pretty-birds-pay.md

---
"@fluidframework/server-routerlicious-base": major
"@fluidframework/server-services-client": major
"@fluidframework/server-services-core": major
"@fluidframework/server-services-shared": major
---

> ISession interface was updated with new field 'messageBrokerId' that would be assigned when message broker is set to Event Hubs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
server-services-client: `messageBrokerId` added to `ISession`

The `ISession` interface was updated with new field `messageBrokerId` that would be assigned when message broker is set to Event Hubs.
```
